# Magic System

The Magic System is a project of adding interlinked features that create a subsystem in SOR. This currently includes Special Abilities and general Magic Traits that have an effect on all Magic Special Abilities. In the future, it may extend to special items like Mana Crystals.

Like in old RPGs, magic is scaled differently here. Many of these abilities will start out relatively weak, but in their fully upgraded form become very powerful.

Miscasts have a small chance of occurring any time you cast. Certain traits can increase or reduce this chance.

---

# Traits

All general magic traits (Except Archmage) have an upgraded version that enhances their effects.

Casting Style Traits are considered central to the magic system, and are highly advised.

### Casting Style Traits

These are "branches" of trait improvement to match your playstyle. They are exclusive to each other.

**Focused Casting** - Makes any Magic Special Ability more accurate and reliable. Reduces Miscast chance and severity.

**Wild Casting** - Makes any Magic Special Ability more powerful and fast. Increases Miscast chance and severity.

## General Magic Traits

**Archmage** - By request, this is a super-powered mode. It's not meant to be balanced, just fun.

**Magic Training** - Generally improves all areas of a Magic Special Ability. Stacks with casting style traits. Reduces Miscast chance.

**Mana Battery** - Increases the max amount of mana you can store by 50%. The upgraded version increases it by 100%.

---

# Special Abilities

## Chronomantic Dilation

Toggle to slow down time, and increase your own speed proportionally. You will be able to dodge attacks, escape pursuers, and execute stealth maneuvers flawlessly. Toggle again to deactivate and return to a normal timescale.

Mana is depleted for every second elapsed in a 1.0 Timescale while the ability is active.

Miscast is triggered if you allow your mana total to deplete to zero. This will cause the reverse of the intended effect, speeding up the world around you and slowing yourself down.

### Variables

**Timescale** - Normal game time is at a Timescale of 1. If you slow down the game to half speed, the Timescale is 0.5. If the world is moving at double speed, that is Timescale 2. A character does not have a Timescale, the game itself does.

**Second** - One second of time elapsed under Timescale 1, regardless of the Timescale the player is experiencing.

**Character Speed** - Adjusted according to cast or miscast effects. During normal usage, your speed is multiplied proportional to the Timescale. E.g., if you are at Timescale 0.25, your character's speed is multiplied by 4. This means you effectively move at a normal speed, but everyone else is slowed down. 

|                     | Base      | Focused Casting | Focused Casting + | Wild Casting | Wild Casting + | Magic Training | Magic Training + | Archmage  |
|:--------------------|----------:|----------------:|------------------:|-------------:|---------------:|---------------:|-----------------:|----------:|
|**Timescale**        |   2.000   |       + 0.250   |         + 0.500   |    + 0.750   |      + 1.500   |      + 0.500   |        + 1.000   |   4.000   |
|**Miscast Timescale**|   0.250   |       - 0.375   |         - 1.500   |    - 0.063   |      - 0.188   |      + 0.125   |        + 0.250   | * 0.000   |
|**Miscast chance**   |   1.000 % |       - 0.250 % |         - 0.500 % |    + 0.750 % |      + 1.500 % |      * 0.800   |        * 6.000   | * 0.000   |
|**Mana/sec**         |  15       |       - 2       |         - 4       | - 2 to + 2   |  - 5 to + 5    |         -      |           -      | * 0.000   |

### Unique Traits

**R.A.T.S.** - Increases your crit chance when Chronomantic Dilation is active. Increases your chances with various luck-based skills (Un-Crits, Kneecapper, Increased Crit Chance, Butterfinger-er)

---

## Pyromantic Jet

Hold special button to release a stream of flames. They start out less deadly than a normal flamethrower, but upgrading the ability can increase the fire projectiles' speed and damage. There is a slight windup time at lower levels.

There is a chance of miscast for every frame held, making this one of the most volatile abilities. You'll burst into flame, but that's no biggie if you're immune to fire!

### Variables

**Mana Cost Chance** - Since this ability triggers so rapidly, rather than costing mana per frame used, there's a chance to use mana or not. Increasing your skill will reduce the chance of a mana cost.

|                    | Base			| Focused Casting	| Focused Casting +	| Wild Casting	| Wild Casting +	| Magic Training	| Magic Training +	| Archmage		|
|:-------------------|-------------:|------------------:|------------------:|--------------:|------------------:|------------------:|------------------:|--------------:|
|**Fire Rate**       |				|					|					|				|					|					|					|				|
|**Projectile Speed**|				|					|					|				|					|					|					|				|
|**Mana Cost**		 |				|					|					|				|					|					|					|				|
|**Miscast Chance**  |				|					|					|				|					|					|					|				|
|**Cooldown Time**   |				|					|					|				|					|					|					|				|

### Unique Traits

None yet.

---

## Telemantic Blink

This ability allows you to teleport at will. Hold down the button to increase accuracy. Great for infiltrators, assassins, and burglars.

The amount of mana you spend on this ability is up to you. Charging it fully is more accurate, but incurs greater risk of miscast. 

Mana cost is expressed below as cost per interval of charging the ability. The Interval at the base level of ability is one second, charging fully in four seconds. The interval can be reduced for faster charging.

Miscast has a chance of occurring on every cast - a minor stroke that deals damage and stuns you.

### Variables

**Cast Charge Rate** - 

|                      | Base       | Focused Casting       | Focused Casting +     | Wild Casting         | Wild Casting +       | Magic Training | Magic Training + | Archmage  |
|:---------------------|-----------:|----------------------:|----------------------:|---------------------:|---------------------:|---------------:|-----------------:|----------:|
|**Mana Cost/interval**| 25 to 35   |      * 75%            |        * 50%          | Min\*50% / Max\*125% | Min\*25% / Max\*150% | * 87.5%        | * 75%            |       = 0 |
|**Charge interval**   |  1.000 sec |
|**Full Charge Time**  |
|**Recharge Rate**     |   5-10/sec | Min\*200% / Max\*125% | Min\*300% / Max\*175% | Min\*50% / Max\*300% | Min\*25% / Max\*400% | * 150%         | * 225%           |    = 1000 |
|**Miscast Chance**    |
|**Cooldown Duration** |  4.000 sec |      * 87.5%          |        *75%           |     *50%             |       *25%           |       *75%     |         *50%     |       = 0 |

### Unique Traits

None yet.