# RogueLibs v3 & SOR v95 Updates


### Final
- Test every single feature, as there's a good chance some of it is subtly broken.

# Scratchpad
These are my test notes. Feel free to look around if you're curious about what I'm working on.

---

- Roamin' Orgy - Try setting agent.ModLeashes to 0

- Entered arena fight, and when I entered the arena I got this:
    - [Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
        Stack trace:
        EventTriggerFloor.ArenaEnter (Agent myAgent) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
        EventTriggerFloor.DoTriggerEnter (Agent myAgent) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
        EventTriggerFloor.OnTriggerEnter2D (UnityEngine.Collider2D other) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)


- Used public turntables, spun records, got fail noise, and this:

```
[Message: Bunny Mod] Turntables (2407): ObjectReal_PressedButton
[Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
Stack trace:
SpawnerMain.SpawnDanger (PlayfieldObject playfieldObject, System.String dangerType, System.String dangerSize, Agent dangerTarget) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
SpawnerMain.SpawnDanger (PlayfieldObject playfieldObject, System.String dangerType, System.String dangerSize) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
Turntables.PlayBadMusic () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
Turntables.SpinRecords () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
Turntables.PressedButton (System.String buttonText, System.Int32 buttonPrice) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
ObjectReal.PressedButton (System.String buttonText) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
WorldSpaceGUI.PressedButton (System.Int32 buttonNum) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
ButtonHelper.PushButton () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
ButtonHelper.DoUpdate (System.Boolean onlySetImages) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
ButtonHelper.Update () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
```

- Used Police Radio on someone, they just followed them and didn't go hostile

- Started a run with Green Living & Arcology, and it seemed that wall ownership got broken. 
  - All owned doors in one base showed "open/knock/done" prompt, even inside doors
  - Door knocking worked fine, but most would not flee a building if it was burning. 
  - So my best guess is that the affected walls' owner is getting cleared out somewhere.

#
# Implementation
Features for the current update designated to be within scope.

---
 
## 00 Priority - Upgrade to Roguelibs 3b compatibility

## All dialogue
- Whichever one has mugging code in it is not longer working. Guessing it's where Veiled Threats is coded.
- BMAbilities
  - Refactored these completely.
  - Test Pyro burnout noise, need to eliminate that.
- BMAgents
- BMBehaviors
- BMChallenges
- BMCombat
- BMInterface
- BMItems
- BMLevelFeelings
- BMLevelGen
- BMMiscellaneous
- BMObjects
  - FlamingBarrel DW
  - SlotMachine DW
- BMQuests
- BMSprites
- BMTraits
## ATMMachine
- Button always says "Pay Cop Debt", even when it should say "Bribe Cops" (At least I think the latter is used in ATM)
- Had option to pay cops even if I had already done it (did it in person though, not at machine)
## Bodyguarded/ +
- Limit numbers to follower count.
  - I think if it exceeds it, they can't path? Not sure.
- Improve type (Goon/Super/Soldier) with Confident in Crowds or something
- Improve equipment with Reinforcements?
## Eagle Eyes
- Need a multiplayer version of GetZoomLevel that selects for the furthest-out zoom to arrange for Agent activations
- View range Agent & Object activation
  - ObjectRealOnCamera
    - Attempted
  - BrainUpdate.RogueVisionChecks()
  - BrainUpdate.DoObjectChecks()
  - Agent.AgentOnCamera()
    - This worked, but now they don't animate. They walk around statically, often tilted or upside down.
      - Attempted, Agent.Start
  - Agent.onCamera
  - Agent.wasOnCamera
  - PlayerAgent.agentCamera.ZoomFactor
  - PlayerControl.myCamera.zoomLevel
  - CameraScript.RealAwake
## Easy Mark
- Increase chance of pickpocket, mugging, and other victimization
- Small chance for people to short-change you when buying something
- Worse chances at Mugging & Extorting
- Possibly an opposite trait as well, Streetwise, that allows you to short-change and no chance of victimizations
## Floor Mod Interiors (BasicFloor.Spawn)
- Do a run with the following and confirm they don't look like shit.
  - CityOfsteel
  - DiscoCity
  - GreenLiving
  - Panoptikopolis
  - ShantyTown
  - SpelunkyDory
## Fire mods

```
[Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
Stack trace:
Fire.SpreadFireIfPossible (UnityEngine.Vector2 pos) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
Fire+<FireSpread>d__67.MoveNext () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
UnityEngine.SetupCoroutine.InvokeMoveNext (System.Collections.IEnumerator enumerator, System.IntPtr returnValueAddress) (at <73b499366e5241bda47e5da76897738b>:0)
UnityEngine.MonoBehaviour:StartCoroutine(IEnumerator)
BunnyMod.Content.BMMiscellaneous:Fire_UpdateFire(Fire)
Fire:UpdateFire()
Updater:UpdateOther()
Updater:Update()
```

- Might be one place using Instance instead of Base. Only non-routine thing done there.
- 
## Fountain
- Can't steal after tossed coin
## Features
- Add all to MixedUpEnvironments
- Add all new ones to Feature list
## Fountain
- Loot coins
  - Annoys passersby
    - Only did one, make sure it applies to all in range
## Gang Tats
- Make compatible With Suspicious
## Generally Unpleasant 
- These are notes from the idea file, just double-check that all of these features are implemented:
  - All NPCs start out Annoyed. 
  - Cancels: The Law, Random Reverance, Friend of the common folk, friend of the family.
  - Excludes Aligned and Prisoners.
## Headshots
- Add: Headgear reduces damage
## Home Base Allies
- Remove this, it clutters the scene when people use circle indicators
## Litter & Leaves
- Overflow indoors
  - Check for wall and don't go past it
- Add Butler Bots to Uptown & MV
  - They generated at the entrance, but stayed put.
- Main generator should not avoid confined spaces, since it can't block anything. I.e., why is it not spawning in alleys?
  - Attempted: modified argument to FindRandLocationGeneral
- Specific executions:
  - ATM
  - Barbecue
    - Bring in slightly and slightly reduce quantity
      - Attempted
  - Boulder (large)
    - Bring in & reduce quantity slightly
      - Attempted
  - BoulderSmall
    - Ok?
  - Bush
    - Ok?
  - Flaming Barrels
    - These are still *really* spread out. Is there a built-in spread?
  - Goodie Dispenser
    - Add Vendor Cart parts
  - Hedge Walls
    - Attempted, BasicWall.Spawn
  - Killer Plant
    - Ok?
  - Tree
    - Ok?
## Initial Relationship
- Whatever you changed in this seemed to have broken it.
  - Ideological Clash turned people hostile but they didn't act it. 
    - Verify that you're not inappropriately referencing the not-yet-applied stored relationship variable to determine strikes. I think someone who would be Hostile is being set to neutral strikes.
## Mob Debt
- Per level: Annoyed from Level 1 / Hostile from level 5 / hit squads after Level 10
  - Attempted
- Extra xp for killing mobsters
  - Attempted. StatusEffects.AgentIsRival
## Mook Masher / Mob Debt
- Make them guilty in case you have The Law
  - Attempted
## Mutator List Collapsers (Copy ATOM)
- Attempted
## Objectively Unpleasant
- Some starting out hostile but not acting it. Also had The Law when I did this so not sure if it's a unique interaction.
## Objectively Unpleasant + vanilla Ideological Clash
- Hostiles were generated, but they weren't hostile.
  - Attempted adding Strikes
## PoliceBox
- Owncheck with normal cops not working on tamper?
## Priors
- Hostile cops don't act hostile
  - Attempted: Set Strikes
- Makes cops annoyed so you can't pay them off.
  - Attempted: Allowed bribe through ATM with Priors
## Public Security Cams + Turrets
- Align with Cops in conflict, regardless of settings
- Randomize direction for Panoptikopolis if attached to glass wall?
- Use Alarm Button / Police Box detection/ownership rules to align with police
  - Attempted
- Detect Guilty/Wanted
  - Add buttons from hack with indicators to check status. Or just log when Agent interacts with it.
    - Attempted
  - This:
      - [Message: Bunny Mod] SecurityCam_Interact_Temporary
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    Name:   SecurityCam (2288)
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    Owner:  85
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    Targets:        NonOwners
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    Turrets#:       0
        [Message: Bunny Mod] ObjectReal_Interact: SecurityCam (2288)
        [Message: Bunny Mod] Player Agent detected on Camera
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    OwnerID:        0
        [Message: Bunny Mod]    AgentsInView:   0   
- Attach to Turret
  - set securityType == "Turret"
    - Attempted
  - set SecurityCam.turrets to include paired turret
    - Attempted
- Special hacking rules for public cams will be necessary
  - If owner=42069 & agent is cop, that'll work
- Owncheck on tamper working?
- Add Tamper XP if PoliceState
  - Attempted
- Set ownership
  - At least one didn't work, I think it was set to the owner of its attached wall.
## Reuse Base Methods called with AccessTools
- If there are base methods you use again and again, declare them in the class to save space and increase clarity, avoiding AccessTools mess.
  - One example is PlayfieldObject.DetermineButtons, which is used in every derived class from it.
## Security Cam & other objects
- Enable to start back on if deactivated via hack
## Slot Machine
- Non-Jackpot
  - Make "Win" ding number of times of multiplier for normal wins
    - Attempted
      - I don't think this will be right, because you need an Async task for it
- Make an Owner come and tell the winner they're cut off, but give them a free drink
  - This would be good to shelve for when you do a full gambling update.
- Jackpot
  - No longer shuts down other machines in chunk
  - Keeps showing music note (I think particle effect) after jackpot ended
    - __instance.stateIndicator.STtateIndicatorOff();
  - No dialogue
- Gate shutdown behind !NoLimits
  - Attempted
## Sniper +
- Shooting from hidden object
  - Attempted with BulletHitbox.OnTriggerEnter2D
    - DW, but see what logs are saying before deletion
- Check out vTrait.BulletsPassThroughObjects. It's in BulletHitBox.HitObject
- Consider Bullet.RayHit
- Model this one on Penetrating Bullets: BulletHitbox.HitObject
  - Attempted 
    - (If this doesn't work, try with eliminating BulletHitBox.OnTriggerEnter2d patch next)
- PFO.bulletsCanPass may determine raycast end of bullet
- Give some visual indicator, either as a SPecial Indicator over NPCs, or a color change on the aiming reticle, when you are able to do a headshot
- Ability Indicator at Range
  - May need to trigger StatusEffects.SpecialAbilityInterfaceCheck as if adding a Special Ability. Not sure this will be doable with a trait.
    - Call it in AddTrait.
  - Attempted
    - StatusEffect.AddTrait
    - StatusEffects.SpecialAbilityInterfaceCheck
    - Used placeholder Chloroform sprite
    - Used placeholder range without 2f range mod from hiding
## Stealth Bastard Deluxe
- Hide Offset adjustment
  - Plant
    - North Wall
    - South Wall
  - Big Table 
    - North Wall
    - South Wall
  - BathTub
    - South doesn't seem to work at least when it's not shoved to a north wall, bounces out.
    - This was the original one with the weird trapping collider with North.
    - So it looks like you need to detect whether it's pushed north, and do South then. Otherwise do North.
    - North Wall
    - South Wall
  - PoolTable
    - North Wall
    - South Wall
  - Trash Can
    - North Wall
    - South Wall
  - Play different audio when you hide in other stuff
    - Trash Can - ManholeOpen
    - Tables - Tumble/Fall
- Check out StatusEffects_BecomeNotHidden_Prefix
  - __instance.agent.hiddenInObject.objectCollider.enabled can be set to false for any that are especially stubborn with trapping players.
## Stove
- Allow remote hack (IOT)
## Trait Conflict custom method 
- Add series of strings and Lists of strings
- Exclude self, give self as argument
- Trait conlficts are Unlock.cancellations
- Would be a good contribution to RL3
## Traits (All of them)
- Learn how to do trait types for leveling up
## Ultramyopic
- Showed up in level up traits, probably other negatives will too
  - This is apparently a RogueLibs bug, not mine.
## Underdark Citizen
- Take small damage if you walk into manhole instead of activating
  - Attempted
- Walkover version of flushyourself:
    [Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
    Stack trace:
    BunnyMod.Content.BMObjects.Manhole_FlushYourself (Agent agent, ObjectReal __instance) (at <8abc5006f52b44d7a55c9ddabc9a0e08>:0)
    BunnyMod.Content.BMObjects.Hole_EnterRange (UnityEngine.GameObject myObject, Hole __instance) (at <8abc5006f52b44d7a55c9ddabc9a0e08>:0)
    Hole.EnterRange (UnityEngine.GameObject myObject) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
    Hole.OnTriggerStay2D (UnityEngine.Collider2D other) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
    - This only occurred when no other manholes were open. There were active toilets.
    - Walkover version also only sends to self.
    - One manhole keeps getting excluded. Check that the random selection from lists isn't excluding anything from the running.
- Water splash
  - Needs a delay. It's appearing before the player is.
    - Attempted Immediate teleportation
  - No longer working
- Manhole to Toilet
  - Attempted
- Toilet to Manhole
  - Attempted
## Veiled Threats
- Go hostile if Annoyed
  - Attempted
## Vendor Stand
- Show (Empty) after stolen from
## Very Hard On Yourself
- Added the following XP boni and mali, will need testing particularly with VHOY
  - AngeredMany = "AngeredMany",
  - BQMalusDowntown = "BQMalusDowntown",
  - BQMalusFloor = "BQMalusFloor",
  - BQMalusGame = "BQMalusGame",
  - BQMalusIndustrial = "BQMalusIndustrial",
  - BQMalusPark = "BQMalusPark",
  - BQMalusSlums = "BQMalusSlums",
  - BQMalusUptown = "BQMalusUptown",
  - ElectabilityMalus = "ElectabilityMalus",
  - FailedToFreePrisoners = "FailedToFreePrisoners",
  - StoleNone = "StoleNone",
  - TookLotsOfDamage = "TookLotsOfDamage";
- Show Innocent/Guilty indicators
  - Attempted
## Wall Mods
- Non-Randomized Walls
- BasicWall.Spawn
- Leave Bars & Barbed Wire alone. An Uptown House has itself encircled by bars, so it merges into the main walls.
## Wall Mods - Border Walls
- LoadLevel.SetupBasicLevel?
  - Accepted. Omits some borders but it works.
## Warlord
- Remove XP Extortion Reward
  - Attempted
- Customize dialogue
  - Dialogue works, but need more variations
## Need XP rewards
- Burned Lots

#
# Fixing
Implemented features that have bug(s) that need to be fixed before release.

---

## StatusEffects.BecomeHidden 
- This is with the new logging added.
```
[Message: Bunny Mod] StatusEffects_BecomeHidden
[Message: Bunny Mod]    ObjectReal: null
[Message: Bunny Mod]    Agent: Cannibal
[Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
Stack trace:
BunnyMod.Content.BMAgents.StatusEffects_BecomeHidden (ObjectReal hiddenInObject, StatusEffects __instance) (at <f2d762100f78492980360d55eb0b7e89>:0)
StatusEffects.BecomeHidden (ObjectReal hiddenInObject) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
BunnyMod.Content.BMLevelGen+<LoadLevel_SetupMore3_3_Prefix_Replacement>d__33.MoveNext () (at <f2d762100f78492980360d55eb0b7e89>:0)
BunnyMod.Content.BMLevelGen+<LoadLevel_SetupMore3_3_Postfix>d__34.MoveNext () (at <f2d762100f78492980360d55eb0b7e89>:0)
UnityEngine.SetupCoroutine.InvokeMoveNext (System.Collections.IEnumerator enumerator, System.IntPtr returnValueAddress) (at <73b499366e5241bda47e5da76897738b>:0)
```

#
# Balancing
Implemented and Bugfixed features that need balancing before release.

---

## Pyromancy
- Refire delay is a little too long
## Telemancy
- Miscast chance with Wild Casting is way too high, or not accurate enough.
- Reduce or at least randomize Dizzy duration. Guessing 5s instead of 10s.


#
# Finalization
- Do renames *only when the code is complete*.
- Complete and win a run with each new feature, and successfully load a return to home base. This would be a full cycle of the code you can expect to run into.
- Make a promo character for each special ability or trait group, to promote the mod and community at large.
- Update Sprites
- Increment the Version Number!


#
# Shelved
Out-of-scope features and notes for them; any bugs not worth fixing yet; avenues for codebase exploration

---

- AccessTools argument additions (new Type[1] {etc} often missing)

- RandomSelection.LoadRandomness is a good place to find lists to modify 

- Targetable Items
  - InvItem.OperateItem appears to be near the beginning of this chain
    - Goes all the way down to ObjectReal.LaptopHack

- XP Rewards
  - Explore GC.Stats
  - Good for Path traits
    - Fire.DestroyMe() for Path Of Fire

## FloorMod Exteriors
### Scratchpad notes
- Check out the Lake generator in LevelGen, it might have what you need to finally figure this out.
- BasicFloor
  - SetExtraFloorParams
    - Attempted: Water
      - WORKS: Interior floors only, and only seems to make stuff float if set to water. No appearance or other behaviors. Maybe upstream this?
  - Spawn
    - WORKS: Interior floors
- BasicSpawn
  - Spawn
    - This one calls BasicFloor.Spawn
- LoadLevel
  - FillFloors
    - Does not seem to have an effect. Left as Industrial to keep an eye out.
  - FillMapChunks
    - WORKS: Exterior floors, split by level
  - LoadStuff2
- ObjectMult
  - LoadChunkWorldDataFloor
- RandomFloorsWalls
- ReadChunks
  - ReadChild
- SpawnerFloor
  - SetExtraFloorParams
    - WORKS: Affects only certain portions of Home Base
  - spawn
    - WORKS: Affects Home Base only
- TileInfo
  - BuildFloorTileAtPosition
  - setFloor *
    - Attempted
      - I think this ended up turning the whole homebase into water. SunkenCity had just been on and no effect was observed on the game itself.
  - SetupFloorTile
  - SetupFloorTiles


			CustomMutator SunkenCity = RogueLibs.CreateCustomMutator(cChallenge.SunkenCity, true,
				new CustomNameInfo("Floor Exteriors: Sunken City"),
				new CustomNameInfo("More like \"Stinkin' Shitty!\" No, but seriously, that's all sewage."));
			SunkenCity.Available = true;
			SunkenCity.Conflicting.AddRange(cChallenge.AffectsFloors);
			SunkenCity.IsActive = false;

			CustomMutator TransitExperiment = RogueLibs.CreateCustomMutator(cChallenge.TransitExperiment, true,
				new CustomNameInfo("Floor Exteriors: Transit Experiment"),
				new CustomNameInfo("The City's authorities considered making all the public streets into conveyor belts, but that was too hard to mod into the game... er, I mean construct. Yeah."));
			TransitExperiment.Available = true;
			TransitExperiment.Conflicting.AddRange(cChallenge.AffectsFloors);
			TransitExperiment.IsActive = false;
## Overhauls
- Will need to make use of LoadLevel.CanUseChunk. Verified that it works before, but shelved.
### AnCapistan
- Many XP rewards converted into money rewards
#### NPCs
- Firefighters
  - Only respond to fires in certain chunk types
  - Can pay them to put out fires if you want
- More Thieves
- More Drug Dealers
- More Slum Dwellers
- No Police, Cop Bots, or SuperCops
- Upper Crusters 
  - Roam with bodyguards
  - Fewer in number
  - All aligned to each other
#### Object Interactions
- Alarm Buttons 
  - Attempted
            ```
            [Message: Bunny Mod] ObjectReal_Interact: AlarmButton (1664)
            [Message: Bunny Mod] AlarmButton_DetermineButtons
            [Warning:  HarmonyX] AccessTools.DeclaredMethod: Could not find method for type ObjectReal and name Interact and parameters ()
            [Error  : Unity Log] NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
            Stack trace:
            BunnyMod.Content.BunnyHeaderTools.GetMethodWithoutOverrides[T] (System.Reflection.MethodInfo method, System.Object callFrom) (at <6db2a189c9f94358a13f920d7777c3e6>:0)
            BunnyMod.Content.BMObjects.AlarmButton_DetermineButtons (AlarmButton __instance) (at <6db2a189c9f94358a13f920d7777c3e6>:0)
            AlarmButton.DetermineButtons () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            PlayfieldObject.Interact (Agent agent) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            BunnyMod.Content.BMObjects.ObjectReal_Interact (Agent agent, ObjectReal __instance) (at <6db2a189c9f94358a13f920d7777c3e6>:0)
            ObjectReal.Interact (Agent agent) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            AlarmButton.Interact (Agent agent) (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            InteractionHelper.UpdateInteractionHelper () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            Updater.UpdateInterface () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            Updater.Update () (at <5b00a25014d74f7f862ecdd1d48f7c04>:0)
            ```
- Computer
  - Purchase admin access
  - Hack free Elevator ticket?
- Toilets 
  - Pay to use
- Elevators 
  - Pay to use
- Bathtubs 
  - Pay to use
- Fire Hydrants 
  - Pay to use
    - No effect, but didn't have firefighter
            ```
            [Message: Bunny Mod] ObjectReal_Interact: FireHydrant (1679)
            [Info   : Unity Log] Window Lose Focus
            ```
### Disco City Danceoff
- Songs
  - How to play
    - Hack or operate various machines
      - Computer + Satellite Dish (Hack, operate)
        - Affects all speakers in the level
      - Jukebox (Hack, operate)
        - Affects all speakers in chunk with same owner 
        - Distinguishes between public and private speakers
      - Turntables (Hack, operate)
        - Affects all speakers in chunk with same owner 
        - Distinguishes between public and private speakers
  - Songs
    - Disco Inferno
      - Speakers start shooting flames
    - Electric Boogaloo
      - Electro Touch
    - Thriller
      - Zombiism
    - Kung-Fu Fighting
      - Rage
    - Stayin' Alive
      - Resurrection
    - We are Family
      - Gain followers
    - Do the Hustle
      - Speed
    - It's Raining Men
      - People drop from the sky and are gibbed on impact, damaging anything they hit
- New Dance keybind
  - Anyone who sees you dance will stare at you
#### Appearance
- Floors
  - Interiors are mostly tacky rugs with Dance Floors
  - Exteriors are Dance Floor
- Light colors are randomized
  - Possible to make them pulsate?
#### Items
- Cocaine
  - Far more common
  - Bribe cops (and really anyone else) with it
#### NPCs
- Cop Bots
  - Hack to make them dance
- Cops
  - Bodies and shoes changed to garish colors
  - Will occasionally come up to you and yell at you to dance
- Gangsters
  - Gang wars are Dance-offs
- Musicians Roaming
  - Done
- Prisoners
  - Dance instead of stand
#### Object Interactions
- Alarm Button
  - call a DANCE ALERT, not really a law enforcement thing
- Lamp
- Jukebox
- Satellite Dish
  - Can hack/adjust to do something special... but what?
    - Achy Breaky Bladder - All musicians are targeted by everyone in the level
    - Make people storm the broadcasting station and attack everyone inside to destroy the dish
- Speaker
  - Works, but needs Direction
  - Bass Boost
    - Air blast anyone in range
  - Tweeter Tweak
    - Deafen anyone in range
- Turntables
  - Works, but doesn't always have speakers nearby
#### Traits
- Trait: Movebuster
  - Anyone who sees you dance will start dancing
- Trait: Movebuster +
  - Your dance is shorter, allows you to keep moving while they're busy
### Literally Hell

#### Levels
- All Cave walls & floors
- Fire Grates & oil slicks spawn
- All Lakes poisoned
#### NPCs
- Demons roam the level, killing anyone they see
- Everyone has infinite resurrection 
#### Objects
- Machines tend to backfire or explode
### Post-Apocalypse
Radiation plays a big role
### MACITS
- Eliminate money entirely
  - Force voucher rewards maybe?
#### Chunks
- More happy/nature chunks
  - Greenhouse
  - Music Hall
- No mansions/ gated communities/ Shacks
  - Replaced with simple houses and apartments
- No arenas
- No banks
- No casinos
- No churches
- No Confiscation/Deportation Centers
- No slave shops
- No Zoos
#### NPCs
- General
  - Not annoyed by property damage
- Doctors
  - Treat for free
- Gangster
  - None
- Musicians
  - More common
- Slum Dweller
  - Replaced with Worker
- Thief
  - None
- Upper Cruster
  - Replaced with Worker
#### Object Interactions
- Vending machines all free
### Police State
- Bribery disabled

#### Chunks
  - Enable/disable, list already created
#### NPCs
- Cop warnings
  - Littering
  - Sleeping in public
  - Looting trashcans
  - Wearing Gas Mask in public
- Roamers
  - Guilty NPCs automatically have Wanted, get beatdowns in public
  - Non-Humans no longer spawn in public areas
    - Cannibals
    - Zombies
    - Vampires
    - Werewolves are ok, they're hidden
- Secret Police
  - Assassin-based
  - Silenced machine guns
  - This when you done fucked up good
- Upper Cruster 
  - similar to AnCapistan
#### Objects
- Elevator requires access credentials 
  - Get from an UpperCruster
    - Neutralize, Mug, Pickpocket, etc.
      - Percent success based on skin/hair match
  - Register credentials in City database
    - Computer in Law Enforcement chunks
      - Ensure generation if not present in chunk
        - Random location within chunk
          - Far from door +
          - Owned Tiles +
          - In Cell ---
  - Buy fake pass from Fixer
    - Resistance Leader would work in meantime?
  - Hack Elevator
    - Failure means flood of law enforcement and lockout to that avenue
  - Bribe Clerk in Deportation Center
  - Buy Day Pass at Elevator
    - Not available if Wanted
    - Most expensive option
  - Shapeshifter in Upper-Cruster or other authorized person
- Security Cams
  - Always trigger for Wanted
  - Always trigger for Guilty
  - Don't spawn correctly on North-facing walls.
    - It is possible that SecurityCam has Snap-To-Wall behaviors built-in that Trashcans don't. 
      - Try removing this algorithm's snap-to-wall portions in order to not interrupt the Camera's code from doing its thing.
    - Postfixed SetVars with `shiftAmountS = -0.16f`
      - Didn't work
  - I think I get this algorithm now: the original spot they're locating is the blank between two placed trashcans. That's why you often see them right next to each other with a gap in between.
    - So you can probably greatly simplify this algorithm to just use the spot in the middle.
#### Traits
- The Law
  - This would be a whole different playstyle here, wouldn't it?
  - No removal of Wanted if you fuck up this badly. You're now persona non grata.
- Trait Contraindications
  - Cops Don't Care
    - They do
  - Wanted
    - You are
- Wanted Status
  - Not removeable if you have the Wanted trait to begin with
  - Applied if Cop goes Hostile
  - Can remove by accessing Police Station Computer
  - Applied automatically to all NPCs with Guilty
    - Exempt if Chunk Owner?
    - Types

#
# Shelved Release notes

## Overhauls

These are all accessed via the Mutators menu. These affect large swathes of gameplay content.

### AnCapistan
This just makes the game act like normal life in America. By the way, it's polite to *leave a tip* when someone mugs you.

---

#### Chunks
- All Law Enforcement chunks disabled
- All Criminal-type chunks made more common

#### Map Features
- All Pollution-related features made more common
- Most public good features disabled or made pay-only

#### NPCs
- Law Enforcement roaming NPCs disabled
- Criminal roaming NPCs made more common

#### Object Interactions
|Name                   |Effects
|:----------------------|
|Alarm Button           |- Now costs money
|Elevator               |- Now costs money
|Fire Hydrant           |- Now costs money
|Toilet                 |- Now costs money

### Disco City Dance-off

### Mostly Automated Comfortable Inclusive Terrestrial Socialism
A post-scarcity mode. It's a lot easier and friendlier, if you're into that kind of thing. Turns out you thrive on conflict!

---

#### Chunks
- Artistic & Nature chunks more common
- Shacks & Mansions disabled, replaced with apartments

#### Map Features
- Public Good features more common
- Pollution features disabled

#### NPCs
- Healing with Doctor is always free
- Thieves no longer spawn

#### Object Interactions
|Name                   |Effects
|:----------------------|

### Police State
You saw how the last guy became the Mayor - did you think he was gonna be nice once he was in office?

Consider this one hard-mode.

---

#### Chunks
- Law Enforcement chunks always spawn
- Criminal-type chunks disabled

#### Map Features
- Pollution-related features disabled
- Security Cameras now generate in public
- 
#### NPCs
- Law Enforcers always spawn 
- Law Enforcers start out Annoyed
- If a Law Enforcer goes Hostile, you gain the Wanted Trait until you remove it [Methods TBD]
- Criminal roaming NPCs disabled

#### Object Interactions
|Name                   |Effects
|:----------------------|
|Security Cam           |- Triggers alarm if anyone Wanted is detected